Feature/gramine build (#115)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: for-developers/confidential-computing/choose-your-tee-framework.md

# Choose your TEE framework

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Please make sure you have already checked the [quickstart](../your-first-app.md) and [Your first application](../your-first-app.md) tutorials before building your trusted application on iExec.

Reviewer: Fix link and reuse terms used in the navigation menu on the left ?
```suggestion
Please make sure you have already checked the [Quick Start](../quick-start-for-developers.md) and [Build your first application](../your-first-app.md) tutorials before building your trusted application on iExec.
```
